I remember like vinne start I mean we
had we had um a dinner at corny Roma
no no I was out back it was by it was
outside GPS resident after 2 GS it used
to be a thing at the Tokyo Game Show to
like meet with people and I remember
that was like the first like serious me
and John used to work at a former
company we were always wanting to do
like localization stuff in the way that
we feel is right and so to be able to do
that we just thought okay maybe we
should just start our own firm to be
able to do it the way that we want to do
it I mean you know when we were young
translations were kind of like a joke
right I was like you games barely made
sense sometimes but you just sort of
just were used to it that's all like it
was like okay there's definitely room to
improve I just seem like a you know an
opportunity basically like to do
something cool games and to actually do
work that was fun to do we've got all
this junk in the office here but this
thing right here is more or less all the
games that we've worked on that we
actually have physical copies up in our
case we started out translating Japanese
games into English
you know we didn't want to just be like
oh let's just translate what's on the
page a to B we wanted to be like okay
you know when you're playing the game as
a death
what do you feel like read this love it
okay if we just translate it straight
maybe you're not gonna feel that line so
it feel it the same way so how do you
get them to get that same emotion how do
you get that same experience it's like a
really basic level I guess that's what
localization is some projects it might
be like there's a lot of voice acting a
firearm has so many different characters
all with really distinct personalities
so that's like a more dialogue heavy
game particular monster are the names of
items and monsters and things gonna take
a lot more time than others other games
are almost all menus you know especially
the mobile games and stuff like that so
it really is a case-by-case basis here
you have the Nintendo shelf so this is
like games that Nintendo publish that we
worked on actually this is the first
game we ever did as a four which is
Mario Tennis power course we actually
had a Game Boy Advance game we did
fireman awakening that's why I have
these these are actually my personal
radiuses like I like limited editions
because I'm a medium this thing here is
the helmet from Dragon Quest 1 the main
guy doesn't actually fit on a human head
but it's about the size of a cat oh man
so I think I just bought it like I'm
dangerous if you leave me alone with
Amazon for too long my girl just buys
stuff that I really don't need it's
always difficult to explain how
important localization is to a client
when you're trying to explain like what
the English quality is gonna be to a
person who doesn't understand English
it's actually it's just impossible what
we need to do is just tell them that you
know they could trust us that they're in
good hands but you know nobody's gonna
know until like they received the files
and even if they received a post they
will not be able to judge us the quality
is good so you know the thought that it
takes
game players play the game and then
finally people talk about like how great
their experience was and then finally
the client gets to understand oh maybe
you know we get we got a lot of
compliments because the localization was
good it takes a long time but we are
like eventually feeling the satisfaction
like people contacted us because of our
quality we're not doing it to get notice
it's more we're just doing it because we
want to do what's best for the games
that we work on like seriously that
probably sounds kind of corny sounds
corny listening to myself say it but
it's really true like we just want the
games that we work on to be as good as
they can be it's really about like oh I
really like the story I really like the
voices I really liked this character or
whatever and that's we can't take all
the credit for that either creators game
we're just like the one level on it I
would say that a first like we all feel
super happy when people would say oh if
it's a fake for a localized game I'm
gonna play it like that's like the best
cup of it yeah